Acacia Boat
minecraft:acacia_boat
Acacia Boat with Chest
minecraft:acacia_chest_boat
Acacia Button
minecraft:acacia_button
Acacia Door
minecraft:acacia_door
Acacia Fence
minecraft:acacia_fence
Acacia Fence Gate
minecraft:acacia_fence_gate
Acacia Leaves
minecraft:acacia_leaves
Acacia Log
minecraft:acacia_log
Acacia Planks
minecraft:acacia_planks
Acacia Pressure Plate
minecraft:acacia_pressure_plate
Acacia Sapling
minecraft:acacia_sapling
Acacia Sign
minecraft:acacia_sign
Acacia Slab
minecraft:acacia_slab
Acacia Stairs
minecraft:acacia_stairs
Acacia Trapdoor
minecraft:acacia_trapdoor
Acacia Wood
minecraft:acacia_wood
Activator Rails
minecraft:activator_rail
Allium
minecraft:allium
Amethyst Block
minecraft:amethyst_block
Amethyst Cluster
minecraft:amethyst_cluster
Amethyst Block
Amethyst Shard
miencraft:amethyst_shard
5%
Ancient Debris
minecraft:ancient_debris
Andesite
minecraft:andesite
Andesite Slab
minecraft:andesite_slab
Andesite Stairs
minecraft:andesite_stairs
Andesite Wall
minecraft:andesite_wall
Anvil
minecraft:anvil
Apple
minecraft:apple
Armor Stand
minecraft:armor_stand
Arrow
minecraft:arrow
Arrow of Fire Resistance 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Fire Resistance 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Harming Instant Damage II
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Harming Instant Damage
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Healing Instant Health II
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Healing Instant Health
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Invisibility 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Invisibility 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Leaping 0:11
Jump Boost II minecraft:tipped_arrow
FALSE
Arrow of Leaping 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Leaping 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Night Vision 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Night Vision 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Poison 0:02
Poison II minecraft:tipped_arrow
FALSE
Arrow of Poison 0:05
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Poison 0:11
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Regeneration 0:02
Regeneration II minecraft:tipped_arrow
FALSE
Arrow of Regeneration 0:05
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Regeneration 0:11
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Slow Falling 0:11
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Slow Falling 0:30
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Slowness 0:02
Slowness IV minecraft:tipped_arrow
FALSE
Arrow of Slowness 0:11
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Slowness 0:30
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Splashing
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Strength 0:11
Strength II minecraft:tipped_arrow
FALSE
Arrow of Strength 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Strength 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Swiftness 0:11
Speed II minecraft:tipped_arrow
FALSE
Arrow of Swiftness 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Swiftness 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of the Turtle Master 0:02
Resistance III minecraft:tipped_arrow
Resistance III
Arrow of the Turtle Master 0:02
Resistance IV minecraft:tipped_arrow
Resistance IV
Arrow of the Turtle Master 0:05
Resistance III minecraft:tipped_arrow
Resistance III
Arrow of Water Breathing 0:22
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Water Breathing 1:00
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Weakness 0:11
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Arrow of Weakness 0:30
minecraft:tipped_arrow
Awkward Lingering Potion
minecraft:lingering_potion
Awkward Potion
minecraft:potion
Awkward Splash Potion
minecraft:splash_potion
Azalea
minecraft:azalea
Azalea Leaves
minecraft:azalea_leaves
Azure Bluet
minecraft:azure_bluet
Baked Potato
minecraft:baked_potato
Bamboo
minecraft:bamboo
Banner Pattern Creeper
minecraft:creeper_banner_pattern
Banner Pattern Flower
minecraft:flower_banner_pattern
Banner Pattern Globe
minecraft:globe_banner_pattern
Banner Pattern Skull
minecraft:skull_banner_pattern
Banner Pattern Snout
minecraft:piglin_banner_pattern
Banner Pattern Thing
minecraft:mojang_banner_pattern
Barrel
minecraft:barrel
Basalt
minecraft:basalt
Beacon
minecraft:beacon
Bee Nest
minecraft:bee_nest
Beehive
minecraft:beehive
Beetroot
minecraft:beetroot
Beetroot Seeds
minecraft:beetroot_seeds
Beetroot Soup
minecraft:beetroot_soup
Bell
minecraft:bell
Big Dripleaf
minecraft:big_dripleaf
Birch Boat
minecraft:birch_boat
Birch Boat with Chest
minecraft:birch_chest_boat
Birch Button
minecraft:birch_button
Birch Door
minecraft:birch_door
Birch Fence
minecraft:birch_fence
Birch Fence Gate
minecraft:birch_fence_gate
Birch Leaves
minecraft:birch_leaves
Birch Log
minecraft:birch_log
Birch Planks
minecraft:birch_planks
Birch Pressure Plate
minecraft:birch_pressure_plate
Birch Sapling
minecraft:birch_sapling
Birch Sign
minecraft:birch_sign
Birch Slab
minecraft:birch_slab
Birch Stairs
minecraft:birch_stairs
Birch Trapdoor
minecraft:birch_trapdoor
Birch Wood
minecraft:birch_wood
Black Banner
minecraft:black_banner
Black Bed
minecraft:black_bed
Black Candle
minecraft:black_candle
Black Carpet
minecraft:black_carpet
Black Concrete
minecraft:black_concrete
Black Concrete Powder
minecraft:black_concrete_powder
Black Dye
minecraft:black_dye
Black Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:black_glazed_terracotta
Black Shulker Box
minecraft:black_shulker_box
Black Stained Glass
minecraft:black_stained_glass
Black Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:black_stained_glass_pane
Black Terracotta
minecraft:black_terracotta
Black Wool
minecraft:black_wool
Blackstone
minecraft:blackstone
Blackstone Slab
minecraft:blackstone_slab
Blackstone Stairs
minecraft:blackstone_stairs
Blackstone Wall
minecraft:blackstone_wall
Blast Furnace
minecraft:blast_furnace
Blaze Powder
minecraft:blaze_powder
Blaze Rod
minecraft:blaze_rod
Blue Banner
minecraft:blue_banner
Blue Bed
minecraft:blue_bed
Blue Candle
minecraft:blue_candle
Blue Carpet
minecraft:blue_carpet
Blue Concrete
minecraft:blue_concrete
Blue Concrete Powder
minecraft:blue_concrete_powder
Blue Dye
minecraft:blue_dye
Blue Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:blue_glazed_terracotta
Blue Ice
minecraft:blue_ice
Blue Orchid
minecraft:blue_orchid
Blue Shulker Box
minecraft:blue_shulker_box
Blue Stained Glass
minecraft:blue_stained_glass
Blue Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:blue_stained_glass_pane
Blue Terracotta
minecraft:blue_terracotta
Blue Wool
minecraft:blue_wool
Bone
minecraft:bone
Bone Block
minecraft:bone_block
Bone Block
Bone Meal
minecraft:bone_meal
Book
minecraft:book
Book and Quill
minecraft:writable_book
Bookshelf
minecraft:bookshelf
Bottle O' Enchanting
minecraft:experience_bottle
Bow
minecraft:bow
Bowl
minecraft:bowl
Brain Coral
minecraft:brain_coral
Brain Coral Block
minecraft:brain_coral_block
Brain Coral Fan
minecraft:brain_coral_fan
Bread
minecraft:bread
Brewing Stand
minecraft:brewing_stand
Brick
minecraft:brick
Brick Slab
minecraft:brick_slab
Brick Stairs
minecraft:brick_stairs
Brick Wall
minecraft:brick_wall
Bricks
minecraft:bricks
Brown Banner
minecraft:brown_banner
Brown Bed
minecraft:brown_bed
Brown Candle
miencraft:brown_candle
Brown Carpet
minecraft:brown_carpet
Brown Concrete
minecraft:brown_concrete
Brown Concrete Powder
minecraft:brown_concrete_powder
Brown Dye
minecraft:brown_dye
Brown Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:brown_glazed_terracotta
Brown Mushroom
minecraft:brown_mushroom
Brown Mushroom Block
minecraft:brown_mushroom_block
Brown Shulker Box
minecraft:brown_shulker_box
Brown Stained Glass
minecraft:brown_stained_glass
Brown Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:brown_stained_glass_pane
Brown Terracotta
minecraft:brown_terracotta
Brown Wool
minecraft:brown_wool
Bubble Coral
minecraft:bubble_coral
Bubble Coral Block
minecraft:bubble_coral_block
Bubble Coral Fan
minecraft:bubble_coral_fan
Bucket
minecraft:bucket
Bucket of Axolotl
minecraft:axolotl_bucket
Bucket of Cod
minecraft:cod_bucket
Bucket of Pufferfish
minecraft:pufferfish_bucket
Bucket of Salmon
minecraft:salmon_bucket
Bucket of Tadpole
minecraft:tadpole_bucket
Bucket of Tropical Fish
minecraft:tropical_fish_bucket
Cactus
minecraft:cactus
Cake
minecraft:cake
Calcite
minecraft:calcite
1 Quartz Block
Campfire
minecraft:campfire
Candle
minecraft:candle
Carrot
minecraft:carrot
Carrot on a Stick
minecraft:carrot_on_a_stick
Cartography Table
minecraft:cartography_table
Carved Pumpkin
minecraft:carved_pumpkin
Cauldron
minecraft:cauldron
Chain
minecraft:chain
Chainmail Boots
minecraft:chainmail_boots
Chainmail Chestplate
minecraft:chainmail_chestplate
Chainmail Helmet
minecraft:chainmail_helmet
Chainmail Leggings
minecraft:chainmail_leggings
Charcoal
minecraft:charcoal
Chest
minecraft:chest
Chest Minecart
minecraft:chest_minecart
Chipped Anvil
minecraft:chipped_anvil
Chiseled Deepslate
minecraft:chiseled_deepslate
Chiseled Nether Bricks
minecraft:chiseled_nether_bricks
Chiseled Polished Blackstone
minecraft:chiseled_polished_blackstone
Chiseled Quartz Block
minecraft:chiseled_quartz_block
Chiseled Red Sandstone
minecraft:chiseled_red_sandstone
Chiseled Sandstone
minecraft:chiseled_sandstone
Chiseled Stone Bricks
minecraft:chiseled_stone_bricks
Chorus Flower
minecraft:chorus_flower
Growing
Chorus Fruit
minecraft:chorus_fruit
Clay
minecraft:clay
Clay Ball
minecraft:clay_ball
Clock
minecraft:clock
Coal
minecraft:coal
Coal Block
minecraft:coal_block
Coal Ore
minecraft:coal_ore
5 Stone
Coarse Dirt
minecraft:coarse_dirt
Cobbled Deepslate
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate
Cobbled Deepslate Slab
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate_slab
Cobbled Deepslate Stairs
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate_stairs
Cobbled Deepslate Wall
minecraft:cobbled_deepslate_wall
Cobblestone
minecraft:cobblestone
Cobblestone Slab
minecraft:cobblestone_slab
Cobblestone Stairs
minecraft:cobblestone_stairs
Cobblestone Wall
minecraft:cobblestone_wall
Cobweb
minecraft:cobweb
9 String
Cocoa Beans
minecraft:cocoa_beans
99% Chance
Compass
minecraft:compass
Composter
minecraft:composter
Conduit
minecraft:conduit
Cooked Chicken
minecraft:cooked_chicken
Cooked Cod
minecraft:cooked_cod
Cooked Mutton
minecraft:cooked_mutton
Cooked Porkchop
minecraft:cooked_porkchop
Cooked Rabbit
minecraft:cooked_rabbit
Cooked Salmon
minecraft:cooked_salmon
Cookie
minecraft:cookie
Copper Block
minecraft:copper_block
Copper Ingot
minecraft:copper_ingot
Copper Ore
minecraft:copper_ore
5 Stone
Cornflower
minecraft:cornflower
Cracked Deepslate Bricks
minecraft:cracked_deepslate_bricks
Cracked Deepslate Tiles
minecraft:cracked_deepslate_tiles
Cracked Nether Bricks
minecraft:cracked_nether_bricks
Cracked Polished Blackstone Bricks
minecraft:cracked_polished_blackstone_bricks
Cracked Stone Bricks
minecraft:cracked_stone_bricks
Crafting Table
minecraft:crafting_table
Creeper Head
minecraft:creeper_head
Crimson Button
minecraft:crimson_button
Crimson Door
minecraft:crimson_door
Crimson Fence
minecraft:crimson_fence
Crimson Fence Gate
minecraft:crimson_fence_gate
Crimson Fungus
minecraft:crimson_fungus
Crimson Hyphae
minecraft:crimson_hyphae
Crimson Nylium
minecraft:crimson_nylium
Crimson Planks
minecraft:crimson_planks
Crimson Pressure Plate
minecraft:crimson_pressure_plate
Crimson Roots
minecraft:crimson_roots
Crimson Sign
minecraft:crimson_sign
Crimson Slab
minecraft:crimson_slab
Crimson Stairs
minecraft:crimson_stairs
Crimson Stem
minecraft:crimson_stem
Crimson Trapdoor
minecraft:crimson_trapdoor
Crossbow
minecraft:crossbow
Crying Obsidian
minecraft:crying_obsidian
Cut Copper
minecraft:cut_copper
Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:cut_copper_slab
Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:cut_copper_stairs
Cut Red Sandstone
minecraft:cut_red_sandstone
Cut Red Sandstone Slab
minecraft:cut_red_sandstone_slab
Cut Sandstone
minecraft:cut_sandstone
Cut Sandstone Slab
minecraft:cut_sandstone_slab
Cyan Banner
minecraft:cyan_banner
Cyan Bed
minecraft:cyan_bed
Cyan Candle
minecraft:cyan_candle
Cyan Carpet
minecraft:cyan_carpet
Cyan Concrete
minecraft:cyan_concrete
Cyan Concrete Powder
minecraft:cyan_concrete_powder
Cyan Dye
minecraft:cyan_dye
Cyan Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:cyan_glazed_terracotta
Cyan Shulker Box
minecraft:cyan_shulker_box
Cyan Stained Glass
minecraft:cyan_stained_glass
Cyan Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:cyan_stained_glass_pane
Cyan Terracotta
minecraft:cyan_terracotta
Cyan Wool
minecraft:cyan_wool
Damaged Anvil
minecraft:damaged_anvil
Dandelion
minecraft:dandelion
Dark Oak Boat
minecraft:dark_oak_boat
Dark Oak Boat with Chest
minecraft:dark_oak_chest_boat
Dark Oak Button
minecraft:dark_oak_button
Dark Oak Door
minecraft:dark_oak_door
Dark Oak Fence
minecraft:dark_oak_fence
Dark Oak Fence Gate
minecraft:dark_oak_fence_gate
Dark Oak Leaves
minecraft:dark_oak_leaves
Dark Oak Log
minecraft:dark_oak_log
Dark Oak Planks
minecraft:dark_oak_planks
Dark Oak Pressure Plate
minecraft:dark_oak_pressure_plate
Dark Oak Sapling
minecraft:dark_oak_sapling
Dark Oak Sign
minecraft:dark_oak_sign
Dark Oak Slab
minecraft:dark_oak_slab
Dark Oak Stairs
minecraft:dark_oak_stairs
Dark Oak Trapdoor
minecraft:dark_oak_trapdoor
Dark Oak Wood
minecraft:dark_oak_wood
Dark Prismarine
minecraft:dark_prismarine
Dark Prismarine Slab
minecraft:dark_prismarine_slab
Dark Prismarine Stairs
minecraft:dark_prismarine_stairs
Daylight Sensor
minecraft:daylight_detector
Dead Brain Coral
minecraft:dead_brain_coral
Dead Brain Coral Block
minecraft:dead_brain_coral_block
Dead Brain Coral Fan
minecraft:dead_brain_coral_fan
Dead Bubble Coral
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral
Dead Bubble Coral Block
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral_block
Dead Bubble Coral Fan
minecraft:dead_bubble_coral_fan
Dead Bush
minecraft:dead_bush
Carpet Mod
Dead Fire Coral
minecraft:dead_fire_coral
Dead Fire Coral Block
minecraft:dead_fire_coral_block
Dead Fire Coral Fan
minecraft:dead_fire_coral_fan
Dead Horn Coral
minecraft:dead_horn_coral
Dead Horn Coral Block
minecraft:dead_horn_coral_block
Dead Horn Coral Fan
minecraft:dead_horn_coral_fan
Dead Tube Coral
minecraft:dead_tube_coral
Dead Tube Coral Block
minecraft:dead_tube_coral_block
Dead Tube Coral Fan
minecraft:dead_tube_coral_fan
Deepslate
minecraft:deepslate
3
Deepslate Brick Slab
minecraft:deepslate_brick_slab
Deepslate Brick Stairs
minecraft:deepslate_brick_stairs
Deepslate Brick Wall
minecraft:deepslate_brick_wall
Deepslate Bricks
minecraft:deepslate_bricks
Deepslate Coal Ore
minecraft:deepslate_coal_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Copper Ore
minecraft:deepslate_copper_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Diamond Ore
minecraft:deepslate_diamond_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Emerald Ore
minecraft:deepslate_emerald_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Gold Ore
minecraft:deepslate_gold_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Iron Ore
minecraft:deepslate_iron_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Lapis Lazuli Ore
minecraft:deepslate_lapis_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Redstone Ore
minecraft:deepslate_redstone_ore
5 Deepslate
Deepslate Tile Slab
minecraft:deepslate_tile_slab
Deepslate Tile Stairs
minecraft:deepslate_tile_stairs
Deepslate Tile Wall
minecraft:deepslate_tile_wall
Deepslate Tiles
minecraft:deepslate_tiles
Detector Rail
minecraft:detector_rail
Diamond
minecraft:diamond
Diamond Axe
minecraft:diamond_axe
Diamond Block
minecraft:diamond_block
Diamond Boots
minecraft:diamond_boots
Diamond Chestplate
minecraft:diamond_chestplate
Diamond Helmet
minecraft:diamond_helmet
Diamond Hoe
minecraft:diamond_hoe
Diamond Horse Armor
minecraft:diamond_horse_armor
Diamond Leggings
minecraft:diamond_leggings
Diamond Ore
minecraft:diamond_ore
5 Stone
Diamond Pickaxe
minecraft:diamond_pickaxe
Diamond Shovel
minecraft:diamond_shovel
Diamond Sword
minecraft:diamond_sword
Diorite
minecraft:diorite
Diorite Slab
minecraft:diorite_slab
Diorite Stairs
minecraft:diorite_stairs
Diorite Wall
minecraft:diorite_wall
Dirt
minecraft:dirt
Disc Fragment
minecraft:disc_fragment_5
Dispenser
minecraft:dispenser
Dragon Egg
minecraft:dragon_egg
Dragon Head
minecraft:dragon_head
2 Eye of Ender
Dragon's Breath
minecraft:dragon_breath
Dried Kelp
minecraft:dried_kelp
Dried Kelp Block
minecraft:dried_kelp_block
Dripstone Block
minecraft:dripstone_block
Dropper
minecraft:dropper
Echo Shard
minecraft:echo_shard
Egg
minecraft:egg
Elytra
minecraft:elytra
Emerald
minecraft:emerald
Emerald Block
minecraft:emerald_block
Emerald Ore
minecraft:emerald_ore
5 Stone
Empty Map
minecraft:map
Enchanted Book
minecraft:enchanted_book
Enchanted Golden Apple
minecraft:enchanted_golden_apple
Enchanting Table
minecraft:enchanting_table
End Crystal
minecraft:end_crystal
End Rod
minecraft:end_rod
End Stone
minecraft:end_stone
End Stone Brick Slab
minecraft:end_stone_brick_slab
End Stone Brick Stairs
minecraft:end_stone_brick_stairs
End Stone Brick Wall
minecraft:end_stone_brick_wall
End Stone Bricks
minecraft:end_stone_bricks
Ender Chest
minecraft:ender_chest
Ender Pearl
minecraft:ender_pearl
Exposed Copper Block
minecraft:exposed_copper_block
Exposed Cut Copper
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper
Exposed Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper_slab
Exposed Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:exposed_cut_copper_stairs
Eye of Ender
minecraft:ender_eye
Feather
minecraft:feather
Fermented Spider Eye
minecraft:fermented_spider_eye
Fern
minecraft:fern
Filled Map
minecraft:filled_map
Fire Charge
minecraft:fire_charge
Fire Coral
minecraft:fire_coral
Fire Coral Block
minecraft:fire_coral_block
Fire Coral Fan
minecraft:fire_coral_fan
Firework Rocket
minecraft:firework_rocket
Firework Star
minecraft:firework_star
Fishing Rod
minecraft:fishing_rod
Fletching Table
minecraft:fletching_table
Flint
minecraft:flint
Flint and Steel
minecraft:flint_and_steel
Flower Pot
minecraft:flower_pot
Flowering Azalea
minecraft:flowering_azalea
Flowering Azalea Leaves
minecraft:flowering_azalea_leaves
Furnace
minecraft:furnace
Furnace Minecart
minecraft:furnace_minecart
Ghast Tear
minecraft:ghast_tear
Gilded Blackstone
minecraft:gilded_blackstone
Glass
minecraft:glass
Glass Bottle
minecraft:glass_bottle
Glass Pane
minecraft:glass_pane
Glistering Melon Slice
minecraft:glistering_melon_slice
Glow Berries
minecraft:glow_berries
Glow Ink Sac
minecraft:glow_ink_sac
Glow Item Frame
minecraft:glow_item_frame
Glow Lichen
minecraft:glow_lichen
Bone Meal Spreading
Glowstone
minecraft:glowstone
Glowstone Dust
minecraft:glowstone_dust
Goat Horn
minecraft:goat_horn
Gold Block
minecraft:gold_block
Gold Ingot
minecraft:gold_ingot
Gold Nugget
minecraft:gold_nugget
Gold Ore
minecraft:gold_ore
5 Stone
Golden Apple
minecraft:golden_apple
Golden Axe
minecraft:golden_axe
Golden Boots
minecraft:golden_boots
Golden Carrot
minecraft:golden_carrot
Golden Chestplate
minecraft:golden_chestplate
Golden Helmet
minecraft:golden_helmet
Golden Hoe
minecraft:golden_hoe
Golden Horse Armor
minecraft:golden_horse_armor
Golden Leggings
minecraft:golden_leggings
Golden Pickaxe
minecraft:golden_pickaxe
Golden Shovel
minecraft:golden_shovel
Golden Sword
minecraft:golden_sword
Granite
minecraft:granite
Granite Slab
minecraft:granite_slab
Granite Stairs
minecraft:granite_stairs
Granite Wall
minecraft:granite_wall
Grass
minecraft:grass
Grass Block
minecraft:grass_block
0.9% Chance
Gravel
minecraft:gravel
Gray Banner
minecraft:gray_banner
Gray Bed
minecraft:gray_bed
Gray Candle
minecraft:gray_candle
Gray Carpet
minecraft:gray_carpet
Gray Concrete
minecraft:gray_concrete
Gray Concrete Powder
minecraft:gray_concrete_powder
Gray Dye
minecraft:gray_dye
Gray Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:gray_glazed_terracotta
Gray Shulker Box
minecraft:gray_shulker_box
Gray Stained Glass
minecraft:gray_stained_glass
Gray Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:gray_stained_glass_pane
Gray Terracotta
minecraft:gray_terracotta
Gray Wool
minecraft:gray_wool
Green Banner
minecraft:green_banner
Green Bed
minecraft:green_bed
Green Candle
minecraft:green_candle
Green Carpet
minecraft:green_carpet
Green Concrete
minecraft:green_concrete
Green Concrete Powder
minecraft:green_concrete_powder
Green Dye
minecraft:green_dye
Green Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:green_glazed_terracotta
Green Shulker Box
minecraft:green_shulker_box
Green Stained Glass
minecraft:green_stained_glass
Green Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:green_stained_glass_pane
Green Terracotta
minecraft:green_terracotta
Green Wool
minecraft:green_wool
Grindstone
minecraft:grindstone
Gunpowder
minecraft:gunpowder
Hanging Roots
minecraft:hanging_roots
Hay Bale
minecraft:hay_block
Heart of the Sea
minecraft:heart_of_the_sea
Heavy Weighted Pressure Plate
minecraft:heavy_weighted_pressure_plate
Honey Block
minecraft:honey_block
Honey Bottle
minecraft:honey_bottle
Honeycomb
minecraft:honeycomb
Honeycomb Block
minecraft:honeycomb_block
Hopper
minecraft:hopper
Hopper Minecart
minecraft:hopper_minecart
Horn Coral
minecraft:horn_coral
Horn Coral Block
minecraft:horn_coral_block
Horn Coral Fan
minecraft:horn_coral_fan
Ice
minecraft:ice
Ink Sac
minecraft:ink_sac
Iron Axe
minecraft:iron_axe
Iron Bars
minecraft:iron_bars
Iron Block
minecraft:iron_block
Iron Boots
minecraft:iron_boots
Iron Chestplate
minecraft:iron_chestplate
Iron Door
minecraft:iron_door
Iron Helmet
minecraft:iron_helmet
Iron Hoe
minecraft:iron_hoe
Iron Horse Armor
minecraft:iron_horse_armor
Iron Ingot
minecraft:iron_ingot
Iron Leggings
minecraft:iron_leggings
Iron Nugget
minecraft:iron_nugget
Iron Ore
minecraft:iron_ore
5 Stone
Iron Pickaxe
minecraft:iron_pickaxe
Iron Shovel
minecraft:iron_shovel
Iron Sword
minecraft:iron_sword
Iron Trapdoor
minecraft:iron_trapdoor
Item Frame
minecraft:item_frame
Jack o'Lantern
minecraft:jack_o_lantern
Jukebox
minecraft:jukebox
Jungle Boat
minecraft:jungle_boat
Jungle Boat with Chest
minecraft:jungle_chest_boat
Jungle Button
minecraft:jungle_button
Jungle Door
minecraft:jungle_door
Jungle Fence
minecraft:jungle_fence
Jungle Fence Gate
minecraft:jungle_fence_gate
Jungle Leaves
minecraft:jungle_leaves
Jungle Log
minecraft:jungle_log
Jungle Planks
minecraft:jungle_planks
Jungle Pressure Plate
minecraft:jungle_pressure_plate
Jungle Sapling
minecraft:jungle_sapling
Jungle Sign
minecraft:jungle_sign
Jungle Slab
minecraft:jungle_slab
Jungle Stairs
minecraft:jungle_stairs
Jungle Trapdoor
minecraft:jungle_trapdoor
Jungle Wood
minecraft:jungle_wood
Kelp
minecraft:kelp
Ladder
minecraft:ladder
Lantern
minecraft:lantern
Lapis Lazuli
minecraft:lapis_lazuli
Lapis Lazuli Block
minecraft:lapis_block
Lapis Lazuli Ore
minecraft:lapis_ore
5 Stone
Large Amethyst Bud
minecraft:large_amethyst_bud
Amethyst Block
Large Fern
minecraft:large_fern
Lava Bucket
minecraft:lava_bucket
1% Chance
Lead
minecraft:lead
Leather
minecraft:leather
Leather Boots
minecraft:leather_boots
Leather Cap
minecraft:leather_helmet
Leather Horse Armor
minecraft:leather_horse_armor
Leather Pants
minecraft:leather_leggings
Leather Tunic
minecraft:leather_chestplate
Lectern
minecraft:lectern
Lever
minecraft:lever
Light Blue Banner
minecraft:light_blue_banner
Light Blue Bed
minecraft:light_blue_bed
Light Blue Candle
minecraft:light_blue_candle
Light Blue Carpet
minecraft:light_blue_carpet
Light Blue Concrete
minecraft:light_blue_concrete
Light Blue Concrete Powder
minecraft:light_blue_concrete_powder
Light Blue Dye
minecraft:light_blue_dye
Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:light_blue_glazed_terracotta
Light Blue Shulker Box
minecraft:light_blue_shulker_box
Light Blue Stained Glass
minecraft:light_blue_stained_glass
Light Blue Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:light_blue_stained_glass_pane
Light Blue Terracotta
minecraft:light_blue_terracotta
Light Blue Wool
minecraft:light_blue_wool
Light Gray Banner
minecraft:light_gray_banner
Light Gray Bed
minecraft:light_gray_bed
Light Gray Candle
minecraft:light_gray_candle
Light Gray Carpet
minecraft:light_gray_carpet
Light Gray Concrete
minecraft:light_gray_concrete
Light Gray Concrete Powder
minecraft:light_gray_concrete_powder
Light Gray Dye
minecraft:light_gray_dye
Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:light_gray_glazed_terracotta
Light Gray Shulker Box
minecraft:light_gray_shulker_box
Light Gray Stained Glass
minecraft:light_gray_stained_glass
Light Gray Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:light_gray_stained_glass_pane
Light Gray Terracotta
minecraft:light_gray_terracotta
Light Gray Wool
minecraft:light_gray_wool
Light Weighted Pressure Plate
minecraft:light_weighted_pressure_plate
Lightning Rod
minecraft:lightning_rod
Lilac
minecraft:lilac
Bone Meal Growing
Lily of the Valley
minecraft:lily_of_the_valley
Lily Pad
minecraft:lily_pad
Lime Banner
minecraft:lime_banner
Lime Bed
minecraft:lime_bed
Lime Candle
minecraft:lime_candle
Lime Carpet
minecraft:lime_carpet
Lime Concrete
minecraft:lime_concrete
Lime Concrete Powder
minecraft:lime_concrete_powder
Lime Dye
minecraft:lime_dye
Lime Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:lime_glazed_terracotta
Lime Shulker Box
minecraft:lime_shulker_box
Lime Stained Glass
minecraft:lime_stained_glass
Lime Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:lime_stained_glass_pane
Lime Terracotta
minecraft:lime_terracotta
Lime Wool
minecraft:lime_wool
Lingering Potion of Fire Resistance 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Fire Resistance 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Harming Instant Damage II
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Harming Instant Damage
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Healing Instant Health II
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Healing Instant Health
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Invisibility 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Invisibility 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Leaping 0:22
Jump Boost II minecraft:lingering_potion
FALSE
Lingering Potion of Leaping 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Leaping 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Night Vision 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Night Vision 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Poison 0:05
Poison II minecraft:lingering_potion
FALSE
Lingering Potion of Poison 0:11
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Poison 0:22
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Regeneration 0:05
Regeneration II minecraft:lingering_potion
FALSE
Lingering Potion of Regeneration 0:11
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Regeneration 0:22
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Slow Falling 0:22
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Slow Falling 1:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Slowness 0:02
Slowness IV minecraft:lingering_potion
FALSE
Lingering Potion of Slowness 0:22
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Slowness 1:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Strength 0:22
Strength II minecraft:lingering_potion
FALSE
Lingering Potion of Strength 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Strength 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Swiftness 0:22
Speed II minecraft:lingering_potion
FALSE
Lingering Potion of Swiftness 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Swiftness 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of the Turtle Master 0:05
Resistance IV minecraft:lingering_potion
Resistance IV
Lingering Potion of the Turtle Master 0:05
Resistance III minecraft:lingering_potion
Resistance III
Lingering Potion of the Turtle Master 0:10
Resistance III minecraft:lingering_potion
Resistance III
Lingering Potion of Water Breathing 0:45
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Water Breathing 2:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Weakness 0:22
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Potion of Weakness 1:00
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lingering Water Bottle
minecraft:lingering_potion
Lodestone
minecraft:lodestone
Loom
minecraft:loom
Magenta Banner
minecraft:magenta_banner
Magenta Bed
minecraft:magenta_bed
Magenta Candle
minecraft:magenta_candle
Magenta Carpet
minecraft:magenta_carpet
Magenta Concrete
minecraft:magenta_concrete
Magenta Concrete Powder
minecraft:magenta_concrete_powder
Magenta Dye
minecraft:magenta_dye
Magenta Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:magenta_glazed_terracotta
Magenta Shulker Box
minecraft:magenta_shulker_box
Magenta Stained Glass
minecraft:magenta_stained_glass
Magenta Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:magenta_stained_glass_pane
Magenta Terracotta
minecraft:magenta_terracotta
Magenta Wool
minecraft:magenta_wool
Magma Block
minecraft:magma_block
Magma Cream
minecraft:magma_cream
Mangrove Boat
minecraft:mangrove_boat
Mangrove Boat with Chest
minecraft:mangrove_chest_boat
Mangrove Button
minecraft:mangrove_button
Mangrove Door
minecraft:mangrove_door
Mangrove Fence
minecraft:mangrove_fence
Mangrove Fence Gate
minecraft:mangrove_fence_gate
Mangrove Leaves
minecraft:mangrove_leaves
Mangrove Log
minecraft:mangrove_log
Mangrove Planks
minecraft:mangrove_planks
Mangrove Pressure Plate
minecraft:mangrove_pressure_plate
Mangrove Propagule
minecraft:mangrove_propagule
Mangrove Roots
minecraft:mangrove_roots
Mangrove Sign
minecraft:mangrove_sign
Mangrove Slab
minecraft:mangrove_slab
Mangrove Stairs
minecraft:mangrove_stairs
Mangrove Trapdoor
minecraft:mangrove_trapdoor
Mangrove Wood
minecraft:mangrove_wood
Medium Amethyst Bud
minecraft:medium_amethyst_bud
Melon Block
minecraft:melon
Melon Seeds
minecraft:melon_seeds
Melon Slice
minecraft:melon_slice
Milk Bucket
minecraft:milk_bucket
Minecart
minecraft:minecart
Moss Block
minecraft:moss_block
Moss Carpet
minecraft:moss_carpet
Mossy Cobblestone
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone
Mossy Cobblestone Slab
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_slab
Mossy Cobblestone Stairs
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_stairs
Mossy Cobblestone Wall
minecraft:mossy_cobblestone_wall
Mossy Stone Brick Slab
minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_slab
Mossy Stone Brick Stairs
minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_stairs
Mossy Stone Brick Wall
minecraft:mossy_stone_brick_wall
Mossy Stone Bricks
minecraft:mossy_stone_bricks
Mud
minecraft:mud
Mud Brick Slab
minecraft:mud_brick_slab
Mud Brick Stairs
minecraft:mud_brick_stairs
Mud Brick Wall
minecraft:mud_brick_wall
Mud Bricks
minecraft:mud_bricks
Muddy Mangrove Roots
minecraft:muddy_mangrove_roots
Mundane Lingering Potion
minecraft:lingering_potion
Mundane Potion
minecraft:potion
Mundane Splash Potion
minecraft:splash_potion
Mushroom Stem
minecraft:mushroom_stem
Mushroom Stew
minecraft:mushroom_stew
Music Disc C418 - 11
minecraft:music_disc_11
Music Disc C418 - 13
minecraft:music_disc_13
Music Disc C418 - Blocks
minecraft:music_disc_blocks
Music Disc C418 - Cat
minecraft:music_disc_cat
Music Disc C418 - Chirp
minecraft:music_disc_chirp
Music Disc C418 - Far
minecraft:music_disc_far
Music Disc C418 - Mall
minecraft:music_disc_mall
Music Disc C418 - Mellohi
minecraft:music_disc_mellohi
Music Disc C418 - Stal
minecraft:music_disc_stal
Music Disc C418 - Strad
minecraft:music_disc_strad
Music Disc C418 - Wait
minecraft:music_disc_wait
Music Disc C418 - Ward
minecraft:music_disc_ward
Music Disc Lena Raine - Otherside
minecraft:music_disc_otherside
Music Disc Lena Raine - Pigstep
minecraft:music_disc_pigstep
Music Disc Samuel Åberg - 5
minecraft:music_disc_5
Mycelium
minecraft:mycelium
0.1% Chance
Name Tag
minecraft:name_tag
Nautilus Shell
minecraft:nautilus_shell
Nether Brick
minecraft:nether_brick
Nether Brick Fence
minecraft:nether_brick_fence
Nether Brick Slab
minecraft:nether_brick_slab
Nether Brick Stairs
minecraft:nether_brick_stairs
Nether Brick Wall
minecraft:nether_brick_wall
Nether Bricks
minecraft:nether_bricks
Nether Gold Ore
minecraft:nether_gold_ore
5 Netherrack
Nether Quartz
minecraft:quartz
Nether Quartz Ore
minecraft:nether_quartz_ore
4 Quartz
Nether Sprouts
minecraft:nether_sprouts
Nether Star
minecraft:nether_star
Nether Wart
minecraft:nether_wart
Nether Wart Block
minecraft:nether_wart_block
Netherite Axe
minecraft:netherite_axe
Netherite Block
minecraft:netherite_block
Netherite Boots
minecraft:netherite_boots
Netherite Chestplate
minecraft:netherite_chestplate
Netherite Helmet
minecraft:netherite_helmet
Netherite Hoe
minecraft:netherite_hoe
Netherite Ingot
minecraft:netherite_ingot
Netherite Leggings
minecraft:netherite_leggings
Netherite Pickaxe
minecraft:netherite_pickaxe
Netherite Scrap
minecraft:netherite_scrap
Netherite Shovel
minecraft:netherite_shovel
Netherite Sword
minecraft:netherite_sword
Netherrack
minecraft:netherrack
4 Weeping Vines
Note Block
minecraft:note_block
Oak Boat
minecraft:oak_boat
Oak Boat with Chest
minecraft:oak_chest_boat
Oak Button
minecraft:oak_button
Oak Door
minecraft:oak_door
Oak Fence
minecraft:oak_fence
Oak Fence Gate
minecraft:oak_fence_gate
Oak Leaves
minecraft:oak_leaves
Oak Log
minecraft:oak_log
Oak Planks
minecraft:oak_planks
Oak Pressure Plate
minecraft:oak_pressure_plate
Oak Sapling
minecraft:oak_sapling
Oak Sign
minecraft:oak_sign
Oak Slab
minecraft:oak_slab
Oak Stairs
minecraft:oak_stairs
Oak Trapdoor
minecraft:oak_trapdoor
Oak Wood
minecraft:oak_wood
Observer
minecraft:observer
Obsidian
minecraft:obsidian
Ochre Froglight
minecraft:ochre_froglight
Orange Banner
minecraft:orange_banner
Orange Bed
minecraft:orange_bed
Orange Candle
minecraft:orange_candle
Orange Carpet
minecraft:orange_carpet
Orange Concrete
minecraft:orange_concrete
Orange Concrete Powder
minecraft:orange_concrete_powder
Orange Dye
minecraft:orange_dye
Orange Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:orange_glazed_terracotta
Orange Shulker Box
minecraft:orange_shulker_box
Orange Stained Glass
minecraft:orange_stained_glass
Orange Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:orange_stained_glass_pane
Orange Terracotta
minecraft:orange_terracotta
Orange Tulip
minecraft:orange_tulip
Orange Wool
minecraft:orange_wool
Oxeye Daisy
minecraft:oxeye_daisy
Oxidized Copper Block
minecraft:oxidized_copper_block
Oxidized Cut Copper
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper
Oxidized Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper_slab
Oxidized Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:oxidized_cut_copper_stairs
Packed Ice
minecraft:packed_ice
Packed Mud
minecraft:packed_mud
Painting
minecraft:painting
Paper
minecraft:paper
Pearlescent Froglight
minecraft:ochre_froglight
Peony
minecraft:peony
Bone Meal Growing
Phantom Membrane
minecraft:phantom_membrane
Pink Banner
minecraft:pink_banner
Pink Bed
minecraft:pink_bed
Pink Candle
minecraft:pink_candle
Pink Carpet
minecraft:pink_carpet
Pink Concrete
minecraft:pink_concrete
Pink Concrete Powder
minecraft:pink_concrete_powder
Pink Dye
minecraft:pink_dye
Pink Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:pink_glazed_terracotta
Pink Shulker Box
minecraft:pink_shulker_box
Pink Stained Glass
minecraft:pink_stained_glass
Pink Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:pink_stained_glass_pane
Pink Terracotta
minecraft:pink_terracotta
Pink Tulip
minecraft:pink_tulip
Pink Wool
minecraft:pink_wool
Piston
minecraft:piston
Podzol
minecraft:podzol
Pointed Dripstone
minecraft:pointed_dripstone
Poisonous Potato
minecraft:poisonous_potato
Polished Andesite
minecraft:polished_andesite
Polished Andesite Slab
minecraft:polished_andesite_slab
Polished Andesite Stairs
minecraft:polished_andesite_stairs
Polished Basalt
minecraft:polished_basalt
Polished Blackstone
minecraft:polished_blackstone
Polished Blackstone Brick Slab
minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_slab
Polished Blackstone Brick Stairs
minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_stairs
Polished Blackstone Brick Wall
minecraft:polished_blackstone_brick_wall
Polished Blackstone Bricks
minecraft:polished_blackstone_bricks
Polished Blackstone Button
minecraft:polished_blackstone_button
Polished Blackstone Pressure Plate
minecraft:polished_blackstone_pressure_plate
Polished Blackstone Slab
minecraft:polished_blackstone_slab
Polished Blackstone Stairs
minecraft:polished_blackstone_stairs
Polished Blackstone Wall
minecraft:polished_blackstone_wall
Polished Deepslate
minecraft:polished_deepslate
Polished Deepslate Slab
minecraft:polished_deepslate_slab
Polished Deepslate Stairs
minecraft:polished_deepslate_stairs
Polished Deepslate Wall
minecraft:polished_deepslate_wall
Polished Diorite
minecraft:polished_diorite
Polished Diorite Slab
minecraft:polished_diorite_slab
Polished Diorite Stairs
minecraft:polished_diorite_stairs
Polished Granite
minecraft:polished_granite
Polished Granite Slab
minecraft:polished_granite_slab
Polished Granite Stairs
minecraft:polished_granite_stairs
Popped Chorus Fruit
minecraft:popped_chorus_fruit
Poppy
minecraft:poppy
Potato
minecraft:potato
Potion of Fire Resistance 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Fire Resistance 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Harming Instant Damage II
minecraft:potion
Potion of Harming Instant Damage
minecraft:potion
Potion of Healing Instant Health II
minecraft:potion
Potion of Healing Instant Health
minecraft:potion
Potion of Invisibility 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Invisibility 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Leaping 1:30
Jump Boost II minecraft:potion
FALSE
Potion of Leaping 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Leaping 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Night Vision 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Night Vision 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Poison 0:22
Poison II minecraft:potion
FALSE
Potion of Poison 0:45
minecraft:potion
Potion of Poison 1:30
minecraft:potion
Potion of Regeneration 0:22
Regeneration II minecraft:potion
FALSE
Potion of Regeneration 0:45
minecraft:potion
Potion of Regeneration 1:30
minecraft:potion
Potion of Slow Falling 1:30
minecraft:potion
Potion of Slow Falling 4:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Slowness 0:10
Slowness IV minecraft:potion
FALSE
Potion of Slowness 1:30
minecraft:potion
Potion of Slowness 4:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Strength 1:30
Strength II minecraft:potion
FALSE
Potion of Strength 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Strength 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Swiftness 1:30
Speed II minecraft:potion
FALSE
Potion of Swiftness 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Swiftness 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of the Turtle Master 0:20
Resistance III minecraft:potion
Resistance III
Potion of the Turtle Master 0:20
Resistance IV minecraft:potion
Resistance IV
Potion of the Turtle Master 0:40
Resistance III minecraft:potion
Resistance III
Potion of Water Breathing 3:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Water Breathing 8:00
minecraft:potion
Potion of Weakness 1:30
minecraft:potion
Potion of Weakness 4:00
minecraft:potion
Powder Snow Bucket
minecraft:powder_snow_bucket
Powered Rails
minecraft:powered_rail
Prismarine
minecraft:prismarine
Prismarine Brick Slab
minecraft:prismarine_brick_slab
Prismarine Brick Stairs
minecraft:prismarine_brick_stairs
Prismarine Bricks
minecraft:prismarine_bricks
Prismarine Crystals
minecraft:prismarine_crystals
Prismarine Shard
minecraft:prismarine_shard
Prismarine Slab
minecraft:prismarine_slab
Prismarine Stairs
minecraft:prismarine_stairs
Prismarine Wall
minecraft:prismarine_wall
Pufferfish
minecraft:pufferfish
Pumpkin
minecraft:pumpkin
Pumpkin Pie
minecraft:pumpkin_pie
Pumpkin Seeds
minecraft:pumpkin_seeds
Purple Banner
minecraft:purple_banner
Purple Bed
minecraft:purple_bed
Purple Candle
minecraft:purple_candle
Purple Carpet
minecraft:purple_carpet
Purple Concrete
minecraft:purple_concrete
Purple Concrete Powder
minecraft:purple_concrete_powder
Purple Dye
minecraft:purple_dye
Purple Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:purple_glazed_terracotta
Purple Shulker Box
minecraft:purple_shulker_box
Purple Stained Glass
minecraft:purple_stained_glass
Purple Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:purple_stained_glass_pane
Purple Terracotta
minecraft:purple_terracotta
Purple Wool
minecraft:purple_wool
Purpur Block
minecraft:purpur_block
Purpur Pillar
minecraft:purpur_pillar
Purpur Slab
minecraft:purpur_slab
Purpur Stairs
minecraft:purpur_stairs
Quartz Block
minecraft:quartz_block
Quartz Bricks
minecraft:quartz_bricks
Quartz Pillar
minecraft:quartz_pillar
Quartz Slab
minecraft:quartz_slab
Quartz Stairs
minecraft:quartz_stairs
Rabbit Hide
minecraft:rabbit_hide
Rabbit Stew
minecraft:rabbit_stew
Rabbit's Foot
minecraft:rabbits_foot
Rail
minecraft:rail
Raw Beef
minecraft:beef
Raw Chicken
minecraft:chicken
Raw Cod
minecraft:cod
Raw Copper
minecraft:raw_copper
Raw Copper Block
minecraft:raw_copper_block
Raw Gold
minecraft:raw_gold
Raw Gold Block
minecraft:raw_gold_block
Raw Iron
minecraft:raw_iron
Raw Iron Block
minecraft:raw_iron_block
Raw Mutton
minecraft:mutton
Raw Porkchop
minecraft:porkchop
Raw Rabbit
minecraft:rabbit
Raw Salmon
minecraft:salmon
Recovery Compass
minecraft:recovery_compass
Red Banner
minecraft:red_banner
Red Bed
minecraft:red_bed
Red Candle
minecraft:red_candle
Red Carpet
minecraft:red_carpet
Red Concrete
minecraft:red_concrete
Red Concrete Powder
minecraft:red_concrete_powder
Red Dye
minecraft:red_dye
Red Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:red_glazed_terracotta
Red Mushroom
minecraft:red_mushroom
Red Mushroom Block
minecraft:red_mushroom_block
Red Nether Brick Slab
minecraft:red_nether_brick_slab
Red Nether Brick Stairs
minecraft:red_nether_brick_stairs
Red Nether Brick Wall
minecraft:red_nether_brick_wall
Red Nether Bricks
minecraft:red_nether_bricks
Red Sand
minecraft:red_sand
Red Sandstone
minecraft:red_sandstone
Red Sandstone Slab
minecraft:red_sandstone_slab
Red Sandstone Stairs
minecraft:red_sandstone_stairs
Red Sandstone Wall
minecraft:red_sandstone_wall
Red Shulker Box
minecraft:red_shulker_box
Red Stained Glass
minecraft:red_stained_glass
Red Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:red_stained_glass_pane
Red Terracotta
minecraft:red_terracotta
Red Tulip
minecraft:red_tulip
Red Wool
minecraft:red_wool
Redstone Block
minecraft:redstone_block
Redstone Comparator
minecraft:comparator
Redstone Dust
minecraft:redstone
Redstone Lamp
minecraft:redstone_lamp
Redstone Ore
minecraft:redstone_ore
5 Stone
Redstone Repeater
minecraft:repeater
Redstone Torch
minecraft:redstone_torch
Respawn Anchor
minecraft:respawn_anchor
Rooted Dirt
minecraft:rooted_dirt
Rose Bush
minecraft:rose_bush
Bone Meal Growing
Rotten Flesh
minecraft:rotten_flesh
Saddle
minecraft:saddle
Sand
minecraft:sand
Sandstone
minecraft:sandstone
Sandstone Slab
minecraft:sandstone_slab
Sandstone Stairs
minecraft:sandstone_stairs
Sandstone Wall
minecraft:sandstone_wall
Scaffolding
minecraft:scaffolding
Sculk
minecraft:sculk
Sculk Catalyst
minecraft:sculk_catalyst
Sculk Sensor
minecraft:sculk_sensor
Sculk Shrieker
minecraft:sculk_shrieker
Sculk Vein
minecraft:sculk_vein
Scute
minecraft:scute
Sea Lantern
minecraft:sea_lantern
Sea Pickle
minecraft:sea_pickle
Seagrass
minecraft:seagrass
Shears
minecraft:shears
Shield
minecraft:shield
Shroomlight
minecraft:shroomlight
Shulker Box
minecraft:shulker_box
Shulker Shell
minecraft:shulker_shell
Skeleton Skull
minecraft:skeleton_skull
Slime Block
minecraft:slime_block
Slimeball
minecraft:slimeball
Small Amethyst Bud
minecraft:small_amethyst_bud
Amethyst Block
Small Dripleaf
minecraft:small_dripleaf
Smithing Table
minecraft:smithing_table
Smoker
minecraft:smoker
Smooth Basalt
minecraft:smooth_basalt
Smooth Quartz Block
minecraft:smooth_quartz
Smooth Quartz Slab
minecraft:smooth_quartz_slab
Smooth Quartz Stairs
minecraft:smooth_quartz_stairs
Smooth Red Sandstone
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone
Smooth Red Sandstone Slab
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone_slab
Smooth Red Sandstone Stairs
minecraft:smooth_red_sandstone_stairs
Smooth Sandstone
minecraft:smooth_sandstone
Smooth Sandstone Slab
minecraft:smooth_sandstone_slab
Smooth Sandstone Stairs
minecraft:smooth_sandstone_stairs
Smooth Stone
minecraft:smooth_stone
Smooth Stone Slab
minecraft:smooth_stone_slab
Snow
minecraft:snow
Snow Block
minecraft:snow_block
Snowball
minecraft:snowball
Soul Campfire
minecraft:soul_campfire
Soul Fire Lantern
minecraft:soul_fire_lantern
Soul Sand
minecraft:soul_sand
Soul Soil
minecraft:soul_soil
Soul Torch
minecraft:soul_torch
Spectral Arrow
minecraft:spectral_arrow
Spider Eye
minecraft:spider_eye
Splash Potion of Fire Resistance 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Fire Resistance 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Harming Instant Damage II
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Harming Instant Damage
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Healing Instant Health II
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Healing Instant Health
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Invisibility 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Invisibility 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Leaping 1:30
Jump Boost II minecraft:splash_potion
FALSE
Splash Potion of Leaping 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Leaping 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Night Vision 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Night Vision 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Poison 0:22
Poison II minecraft:splash_potion
FALSE
Splash Potion of Poison 0:45
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Poison 1:30
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Regeneration 0:22
Regeneration II minecraft:splash_potion
FALSE
Splash Potion of Regeneration 0:45
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Regeneration 1:30
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Slow Falling 1:30
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Slow Falling 4:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Slowness 0:20
Slowness IV minecraft:splash_potion
FALSE
Splash Potion of Slowness 1:30
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Slowness 4:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Strength 1:30
Strength II minecraft:splash_potion
FALSE
Splash Potion of Strength 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Strength 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Swiftness 1:30
Speed II minecraft:splash_potion
FALSE
Splash Potion of Swiftness 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Swiftness 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of the Turtle Master 0:20
Resistance III minecraft:splash_potion
Resistance III
Splash Potion of the Turtle Master 0:20
Resistance IV minecraft:splash_potion
Resistance IV
Splash Potion of the Turtle Master 0:40
Resistance III minecraft:splash_potion
Resistance III
Splash Potion of Water Breathing 3:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Water Breathing 8:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Weakness 1:30
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Potion of Weakness 4:00
minecraft:splash_potion
Splash Water Bottle
minecraft:splash_potion
Sponge
minecraft:sponge
Spore Blossom
minecraft:spore_blossom
Replaces Glow Berries 1/3 of the time
Spruce Boat
minecraft:spruce_boat
Spruce Boat with Chest
minecraft:spruce_chest_boat
Spruce Button
minecraft:spruce_button
Spruce Door
minecraft:spruce_door
Spruce Fence
minecraft:spruce_fence
Spruce Fence Gate
minecraft:spruce_fence_gate
Spruce Leaves
minecraft:spruce_leaves
Spruce Log
minecraft:spruce_log
Spruce Planks
minecraft:spruce_planks
Spruce Pressure Plate
minecraft:spruce_pressure_plate
Spruce Sapling
minecraft:spruce_sapling
Spruce Sign
minecraft:spruce_sign
Spruce Slab
minecraft:spruce_slab
Spruce Stairs
minecraft:spruce_stairs
Spruce Trapdoor
minecraft:spruce_trapdoor
Spruce Wood
minecraft:spruce_wood
Spyglass
minecraft:spyglass
Steak
minecraft:cooked_beef
Stick
minecraft:stick
Sticky Piston
minecraft:sticky_piston
Stone
minecraft:stone
Stone Axe
minecraft:stone_axe
Stone Brick Slab
minecraft:stone_brick_slab
Stone Brick Stairs
minecraft:stone_brick_stairs
Stone Brick Wall
minecraft:stone_brick_wall
Stone Bricks
minecraft:stone_bricks
Stone Button
minecraft:stone_button
Stone Hoe
minecraft:stone_hoe
Stone Pickaxe
minecraft:stone_pickaxe
Stone Pressure Plate
minecraft:stone_pressure_plate
Stone Shovel
minecraft:stone_shovel
Stone Slab
minecraft:stone_slab
Stone Stairs
minecraft:stone_stairs
Stone Sword
minecraft:stone_sword
Stonecutter
minecraft:stonecutter
String
minecraft:string
Stripped Acacia Log
minecraft:stripped_acacia_log
Stripped Acacia Wood
minecraft:stripped_acacia_wood
Stripped Birch Log
minecraft:stripped_birch_log
Stripped Birch Wood
minecraft:stripped_birch_wood
Stripped Crimson Hyphae
minecraft:stripped_crimson_hyphae
Stripped Crimson Stem
minecraft:stripped_crimson_stem
Stripped Dark Oak Log
minecraft:stripped_dark_oak_log
Stripped Dark Oak Wood
minecraft:stripped_dark_oak_wood
Stripped Jungle Log
minecraft:stripped_jungle_log
Stripped Jungle Wood
minecraft:stripped_jungle_wood
Stripped Mangrove Log
minecraft:stripped_mangrove_log
Stripped Mangrove Wood
minecraft:stripped_mangrove_wood
Stripped Oak Log
minecraft:stripped_oak_log
Stripped Oak Wood
minecraft:stripped_oak_wood
Stripped Spruce Log
minecraft:stripped_spruce_log
Stripped Spruce Wood
minecraft:stripped_spruce_wood
Stripped Warped Hyphae
minecraft:stripped_warped_hyphae
Stripped Warped Stem
minecraft:stripped_warped_stem
Sugar
minecraft:sugar
Sugar Cane
minecraft:sugar_cane
Sunflower
minecraft:sunflower
Bone Meal Growing
Suspicious Stew
minecraft:suspicious_stew
Sweet Berries
minecraft:sweet_berries
Tall Grass
minecraft:tall_grass
Target
minecraft:target
Terracotta
minecraft:terracotta
Thick Lingering Potion
minecraft:lingering_potion
Thick Potion
minecraft:potion
Thick Splash Potion
minecraft:splash_potion
Tinted Glass
minecraft:tinted_glass
Tipped Arrow
minecraft:tipped_arrow
TNT
minecraft:tnt
TNT Minecart
minecraft:tnt_minecart
Torch
minecraft:torch
Totem of Undying
minecraft:totem_of_undying
Trapped Chest
minecraft:trapped_chest
Trident
minecraft:trident
Tripwire Hook
minecraft:tripwire_hook
Tropical Fish
minecraft:tropical_fish
Tube Coral
minecraft:tube_coral
Tube Coral Block
minecraft:tube_coral_block
Tube Coral Fan
minecraft:tube_coral_fan
Tuff
minecraft:tuff
1 Diorite
Turtle Egg
minecraft:turtle_egg
Turtle Shell
minecraft:turtle_helmet
Twisting Vines
minecraft:twisting_vines
Verdant Froglight
minecraft:ochre_froglight
Vines
minecraft:vines
Warped Button
minecraft:warped_button
Warped Door
minecraft:warped_door
Warped Fence
minecraft:warped_fence
Warped Fence Gate
minecraft:warped_fence_gate
Warped Fungus
minecraft:warped_fungus
Warped Fungus on a Stick
minecraft:warped_fungus_on_a_stick
Warped Hyphae
minecraft:warped_hyphae
Warped Nylium
minecraft:warped_nylium
Warped Planks
minecraft:warped_planks
Warped Pressure Plate
minecraft:warped_pressure_plate
Warped Roots
minecraft:warped_roots
Warped Sign
minecraft:warped_sign
Warped Slab
minecraft:warped_slab
Warped Stairs
minecraft:warped_stairs
Warped Stem
minecraft:warped_stem
Warped Trapdoor
minecraft:warped_trapdoor
Warped Wart Block
minecraft:warped_wart_block
Water Bottle
minecraft:potion
Water Bucket
minecraft:water_bucket
Waxed Copper Block
minecraft:waxed_copper
Waxed Cut Copper
minecraft:waxed_cut_copper
Waxed Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:waxed_cut_copper_slab
Waxed Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:waxed_cut_copper_stairs
Waxed Exposed Copper Block
minecraft:waxed_exposed_copper
Waxed Exposed Cut Copper
minecraft:waxed_exposed_cut_copper
Waxed Exposed Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:waxed_exposed_cut_copper_slab
Waxed Exposed Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:waxed_exposed_cut_copper_stairs
Waxed Oxidized Copper Block
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_copper
Waxed Oxidized Cut Copper
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_cut_copper
Waxed Oxidized Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_cut_copper_slab
Waxed Oxidized Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:waxed_oxidized_cut_copper_stairs
Waxed Weathered Copper Block
minecraft:waxed_weathered_copper
Waxed Weathered Cut Copper
minecraft:waxed_weathered_cut_copper
Waxed Weathered Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:waxed_weathered_cut_copper_slab
Waxed Weathered Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:waxed_weathered_cut_copper_stairs
Weathered Copper Block
minecraft:weathered_copper_block
Weathered Cut Copper
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper
Weathered Cut Copper Slab
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper_slab
Weathered Cut Copper Stairs
minecraft:weathered_cut_copper_stairs
Weeping Vines
minecraft:weeping_vines
Wet Sponge
minecraft:wet_sponge
Wheat
minecraft:wheat
Wheat Seeds
minecraft:wheat_seeds
White Banner
minecraft:white_banner
White Bed
minecraft:white_bed
White Candle
minecraft:white_candle
White Carpet
minecraft:white_carpet
White Concrete
minecraft:white_concrete
White Concrete Powder
minecraft:white_concrete_powder
White Dye
minecraft:white_dye
White Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:white_glazed_terracotta
White Shulker Box
minecraft:white_shulker_box
White Stained Glass
minecraft:white_stained_glass
White Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:white_stained_glass_pane
White Terracotta
minecraft:white_terracotta
White Tulip
minecraft:white_tulip
White Wool
minecraft:white_wool
Wither Rose
minecraft:wither_rose
Wither Skeleton Skull
minecraft:wither_skeleton_skull
Wooden Axe
minecraft:wooden_axe
Wooden Hoe
minecraft:wooden_hoe
Wooden Pickaxe
minecraft:wooden_pickaxe
Wooden Shovel
minecraft:wooden_shovel
Wooden Sword
minecraft:wooden_sword
Written Book
minecraft:written_book
Yellow Banner
minecraft:yellow_banner
Yellow Bed
minecraft:yellow_bed
Yellow Candle
minecraft:yellow_candle
Yellow Carpet
minecraft:yellow_carpet
Yellow Concrete
minecraft:yellow_concrete
Yellow Concrete Powder
minecraft:yellow_concrete_powder
Yellow Dye
minecraft:yellow_dye
Yellow Glazed Terracotta
minecraft:yellow_glazed_terracotta
Yellow Shulker Box
minecraft:yellow_shulker_box
Yellow Stained Glass
minecraft:yellow_stained_glass
Yellow Stained Glass Pane
minecraft:yellow_stained_glass_pane
Yellow Terracotta
minecraft:yellow_terracotta
Yellow Wool
minecraft:yellow_wool
Zombie Head
minecraft:zombie_head
